Redirect registry to a file
    - Some setting avoid this, check them out
clean up spell tip layout and add spell power
Feats: Epic destiny feat requirements (number of destinies)

Aasimar Scourge: Aasimar Scourge: Improved Scourge Weapons
    Should not award OTWF unless TWF is trained
Aasimar Scourge: Aasimar Scourge: Greater Scourge Weapons
    Only if specific weapons equipped

Items:
Update 25 Upgrade weapons/Armors TBD (Temple of elemental Evil items)
---Handwraps next

Missing Item Icons:
Dagger_EpicEnergisedDagger
GreatClub_EpicEnergisedGreatClub
GreatSword_EpicEtchedGreatSword


Support higher resolutions by providing bigger screen bitmaps in enhancement/reaper/destiny views.

Orbs found in Random Loot can be Cannith Crafted.
They gain Orb Bonuses instead of Enhancement Bonuses (as Named Orbs do).
They use the Shield list of craftable effects (which includes Spell Power),
but also have the option of Spell Focus in the Prefix slot,
as well as Insightful Spell Power, Insightful Spell Focus or Spell Lore in the Suffix slot.

Spell revocation needs to clear scrolling of control if required.

Upgrading/downgrading an epic destiny enhancement that is twisted does not update the stacks.

[Zretch:
AC
Planner is showing 147, character sheet without Parrying Bond is 129.
Legendary Wildcard is showing on the planner as giving +15 enhancement bonus on top of its 25 armor bonus.
Legendary Wildcard doesn't have the extra enhancement bonus. That would make the spread 132 vs 129.
There are three bonuses that I don't know that I have: House Deneith Defender, House Kunderak Battlemaster, and Clan Gnashtooth Kobold Shaman.
Those are giving +1 each in the planner. Remove those and it's 129 vs 129.

Saves, on the other hand, are off. Fortitude and Will are off by 3,
and Reflex is off by 2. I'm seeing a couple of categories in the breakdowns of all saves:
Clan Gnashtooth Kobold Shaman - This is showing +1 Sacred bonus on the breakdown.
I can't find that buff or effect anywhere in game. It toggles on and off with the guild
buff toggles.
Black Abbot's Shadow - This shows a +1 Enhancement bonus to all saves. I see this in the
description of the guild buff, but I'm not sure it's actually applying in game.
I'm also seeing the guild buffs add up to +5 in the breakdowns, but when I toggle guild
buffs off, I lose 6 to each save. It's hard for me to tell what's going on when that
happens, as with guild buffs toggled on, fort is off +3, reflex is off +2, and will is
off +3, but with guild buffs toggled off, fort is off -3, reflex is off -4, and will is
off -2. Will seems to only lose 5 when guild buffs are turned off in the planner, while
fort and reflex lose 6 (probably because chronoscope and game hunter guild buffs give +3
while grandmaster's dojo gives +2).


Armor class is not matching either.
Also, the character sheet shows +20 AC from feats, even though I have 3 x 3 martial past lives.
That should be 45 AC.
The character sheet is showing +43 Misc bonus, but I can only come up with +33 Misc Bonus
(+2 warsoul, +15 armor enhancement, +10 parrying, +6 guild). If I take the Misc and Feat
AC together from in-game, I get 63. If I take the planner 33 (misc) + 45 (feat) AC, I get
78. That's a 15 difference, which when added to the 3 from the stray guild buffs and
that's the exact amount I'm off. That might be a problem with DDO as it only seems to be
crediting 30 AC for martial past life feats, and not 45.





Magister
This tree has quite a few neat things but didn't do the one thing it was supposed to do:
Be the king of DC Casting. Twisting Magister's bonuses and going into other trees where you
got relevant Ability Score increases provided a better bonus than this tree.
Only that's not fun, and we'd rather see dedicated DC casters live here and get cool abilities
with their DCs. We focused on that goal, and made a few of their other abilities spicier to
go with it. The Sigils still aren't good; they fell a bit low on the priority list relative
to other things. If there are simple number tweaks we can make to make them more worth using,
we're all ears.

Added +1 to all Spell DCs to each Core (in addition to what those cores were doing already).
Imperceptible Casting adds +10 Universal Spell Power while active.
Fade into the Weave adds +25 Universal Spell Power while active.
Variable Resistance is unlinked from Sigil of Energy Negation.
Master of (Spell School) also increases DCs for that school by an additional 1/2/3.
Arcane Tempest moves to a 30-second cooldown, and a 10-second duration. 30 SP.
Arcane Tempest is no longer linked to Sigil of Battering Spellcraft
Arcane Tempest now costs 1AP
Arcane Tempest can now use the Quicken, Maximize, Empower, and Intensify Metamagics
Arcane Tempest now has a faster cast animation and cast time
Arcane Tempest no longer has a (previously-unlisted) saving throw
Arcane Adept now costs 1AP
Removed the Saving Throw from Arcane Tempest. (Yeah, it's a DC tree but we wanted it to be good no matter what school you were in.)
Arcane Spellsurge now has a 1 minute cooldown. 20 SP
Nullmagic Aura no longer requires charging. Now has a 4 minute cooldown.


Draconic Incarnation
This is another tree that has good things but is hampered by its restrictiveness.
It's meant to be the king of elemental nuking, but the lack of metas and scaling DCs made that hard.
It also didn't get that much extra spell damage relative to other Destinies, which was...
weird. We fixed a lot of that.

Each Core now adds 5% Spell Crit Damage in addition to what it already does.
Go Out With A Bang, Energy Burst, and Energy Vortex now apply the Quicken, Empower, Maximize, Embolden, and Intensify Metamagics
Acid versions of these spells are now Conjuration spells
These spells should now be considered part of their Elements for the purpose of Caster Level increases (other than Savant's caster level increases, which were already working).

Go Out with A Bang, Energy Burst, and Energy Vortex now use their spell schools' (Evocation/Conjuration) bonuses as part of their DC calculation.
Flyby Attack now adds Evocation modifiers to its DC (Conjuration for the Acid version).
Dragon Breath no longer uses Charges.
Dragon Breath now has a 25 second cooldown.
Dragon Breath spells are now considered part of their spell school for the purpose of Caster Level/Max Caster Level increases.
Breath attacks now list Evocation/Conjuration as part of their DC calculation (they were already using it)

Black Dragon Breath is now a Conjuration spell.
(See below for related Dragonborn changes)

Draconic Fury's cooldown reduced to 1 minute
Draconic Hunger's Temp HP and SP are now 10x your Epic level.
Fearsome Invulnerability no longer needs to be charged.
It no longer says it does an Intimidate effect, on account of that functionality never being implemented ever.
It now also adds +30 PRR, MRR, and MRR Cap for the duration
It now has a 4 minute cooldown.

Energy Vortex, Draconic Hunger, and Fearsome Invulnerability now cost 1AP each.



BONUS: Dragonborn Racial Tree Changes
Dragonborn's dragon breath SLAs have always kept some parity with Draconic Incarnation,
so we made some changes there to gel with the above Draconic Incarnation changes.

Dragonborn's Racial Black Dragon Breath is also now a Conjuration spell
Dragonborn Breath Attacks now scale with 100% Spell Power (which puts them on the standard spell
damage progression we made after this skill)
Dragonborn's True Power enhancement now adds Conjuration DCs in addition to its Evocation DCs.


Fatesinger
What a weird tree. Fatesinger had a lot of fundamental issues that could only be solved by getting
rid of the abilities entirely. We basically threw a lot of it out and Lynnabel built a new one.
Here it is. (Note that we're listing the full tree here rather than individual changes, it's
clearer that way.) General rule of thumb: The Hymns cost 2AP, as do the standard Ability Score
increases. The rest cost 1AP per rank.

Cores:

Core 1: Fatesinger's Rep: Each core grants you +10 Melee Power, +4 Ranged Power, +25 Spell Points, 10 universal spell power, +1 Arcane Caster Level, +2 Effective Bard Levels and +2 Maximum Bard Songs. You also gain Inspire Courage if you didn't have it before.
Core 2: Glitter of Fame: +1 All Stats and all saves
Core 3: Harmonic Resonance: Attacks have a chance of building up Resonance on your enemies, increasing their Sonic vulnerability and reducing their Armor Class by 2 per stack (max 10)
Core 4: Intoxicating Presence: Enemies that strike you have a chance to be Fascinated.
Core 5: Grandeur: Friendly spellcasts bestow bonus AC (+3) and PRR (+3), offensive spellcasts now build up Harmonic Resonance (internal cooldown)
Core 6: Majesty: You are now immune to Charisma Damage, do not suffer from Arcane Spell Failure, also +25 Universal Spell Power


Tier 1: 

First Harmonic Chord: Your inspire courage has +1/2/3 hit, dam, saves vs fear, and +3/6/9 Universal spell power. Also, you gain an additional +1/2/3 to Hit, Damage, and +3/6/9 Universal Spell Power
Siren's Song: Relocated, turns into a second Fascinate button (aka another cooldown version of Enthrall)
Music of the Spider Queen: also now adds Neutralize Poison to your Bardic Inspiration
Dirge: Make it actually work and be good, otherwise no change
+1 Str/Cha


Tier 2:

Second Harmonic Chord: Your inspire competence has an additional +1/2/3 skills. Also, you gain +1/2/3 all skills.
Bound Fate: relocated, no change (this is the active)
(this space intentionally left blank)
Reign: relocated, no change
+1 Str/Cha


Tier 3:

Third Harmonic Chord: Your inspire greatness has an additional +1/2/3 PRR and 0/0/10 Healing/Neg/Repair amp. Also, you gain an additional +0/0/10 healing/neg/repair amp and +1/2/3 PRR
Grim Fate: relocated, no change (this is the passive that makes the active better)
Arcane Hymn: You sing a magical Hymn that resonates within the Arcane Sphere. When you activate this ability, your target is surrounded by magical energies, bestowing Resonance. (HYMNS: Each member of your party, including yourself, may only benefit from one Hymn at a time, regardless of source. Attempting to activate this ability on someone else will dispel this Hymn from your former target. If you attempt to activate a different Hymn on someone who is already benefiting from this Hymn, it will dispel this Hymn as it applies the new one. You may activate this ability on yourself.)
Arcane: +1 INT WIS CHA, +20 Universal SP, +2 Spell Penetration, +4 UMD, +10% fire/cold/acid/electric absorb

Aria: relocated, no change
+1 Str/Cha


Tier 4:

Fourth Harmonic Chord: Your Inspire Heroics grants +1/2/3 AC, dodge, and saves. Also, you gain an additional +1/2/3 AC and saves
Martial Hymn:
Martial: +1 STR DEX WIS, +2 Sneak Dice, +20 max HP, +10 PRR and MRR, +5 AC, +10 Melee and Ranged Power

Divine Hymn: Another hymn, this time divine sphere themed
Divine: +1 STR CHA WIS, +1 Smite Evil, +2 to hit, dam, confirm critical hits, +10 PRR and +25 Positive and Negative Spell Power.

Primal Hymn: Another hymn, this time primal sphere themed
Primal: +1 WIS DEX CON, +25 HP, +10 Spell Resistance and healing amp, +10% Thrown and Bow attack speed, +3 Str while raging

+1 Str/Cha



Tier 5:

The Fifth Chord: You have a new Bard Song in your Bardic Ballad/Inspire Courage - Inspire Transcendence - +1 spell DCs, +1 tactics bonuses, +3 Spell Resistance and True Seeing. Also, you benefit from +1 DCs, tactics, +3 SR and are immune to blindness and have true seeing
Free Metamagic: Pick between Eschew, Extend, or Enlarge
Masquerade: Also now has 10% spell cost reduction
Bladesong: 2d6 Sonic damage on hit scaling with spell power, 3% competence to melee attack speed, also +1 Critical Multiplier on 19-20
+1 Str/Cha


Tier 6:

Greater Shout SLA: 6 second cooldown.
Free Metamagic 2: Pick between Quicken, Embolden, or Intensify
Turn of the Tide: Clean up what it actually gives you, make sure it's actually working as intended
+1 Str/Cha


EDIT: Additionally, the following changes will be making it in for Fatesinger's existing abilities:
Music of the Spider Queen's duration now matches Bard song durations
Dirge's DC is now d20 + Perform
Aria's threat reduction is now 20/40/60%
Siren's Song and Chord of Disruption damage take effect even if the Mesmerize doesn't land (aka bosses)
Bound Fate's DC is now d20 + Perform
Bound Fate's immobilization now actually immobilizes faster creatures
Bound Fate's immobilization now lasts slightly longer
Bound Fate now has a 1 minute cooldown.
Improved Turn of the Tide:
- No longer a Bard Song
- 3 minute cooldown
- Sonic and Light Damage now applies to bosses





Unyielding Sentinel
This Destiny was meant to do two things: Keep you alive and help you tank. It's decent at the
first and not great at the second. Most of the changes here are meant to help you tank.
The two new Actives aren't perfect; we had some bigger plans and ran into tech issues in doing
what we wanted. Hoping they'll at least be helpful, and we can tweak numbers until they are.

Commanding Presence's hate doubles to 100/200/300%
Stand Against the Tide's extra hate jumps to 50% per stack (250% at full stacks, was 100%)
Stand Against the Tide's extra hate now applies to missile weapon damage and magic damage as well (was previously melee-only)
Divine Energy Resistance can now be cast directly on allies (instead of only yourself)
Ward Against Evil's light damage scales with 400% of the higher of Melee and Ranged Power
Rank 3 of Ward Against Evil now also grants you immunity to the Mind Control effects of Evil creatures.
You can now use Undying Vanguard while Crowd-Controlled and/or Helpless
Undying Vanguard's Temporary HP now last for 30 seconds.
NEW: T4: Draw them Out: Melee Attack: +3[w]. This attack adds 300 Hate for the user to creatures it hits on top of its normal damage. 6 second cooldown. (1 Rank, 1AP)
NEW: T6: Celestial Mandate: Melee Attack: +5[w]. This attack adds 2000 Hate for the user to creatures it hits on top of its normal damage. 6 second cooldown. (1 Rank, 1AP)


Exalted Angel
This is a good tree, for those who can make use of the skills in it. We analyzed it and didn't
see much that we thought merited major change, though we might try to loop back for some bugfixes
before release. We did make a change to one skill for game balance reasons.
Reborn in Light no longer charges with Endless Ardor and Righteous Fervor; instead, it is once
per Rest (keeps 10min cooldown).


Divine Crusader:
This is also a Pretty Good tree in its current form, but lacks a little scaling and punch.
In adding punch, we wanted to give some solid bonuses for Divine characters in here; you can
get access to some alternative Favored Weapons, and then really make them shine if you've got
a lot of Divine levels. We think Warpriests and War Souls will shine in here, along with
Paladins once KOTC gets revamped later this year.

Castigation's damage now works on bosses as listed
Castigation now grants its listed Melee Power
No Regret now grants its listed Melee Power
Strike Down's tooltip now correctly says it deals Light damage
Strike Down's Light damage now scales with 200% Melee Power
Confront Any Foe now adds +3[w]
Confront Any Foe's Light damage now scales with 300% Melee Power
Smite the Wicked's Light damage is now 100 against Evil creatures and 100 against Undead creatures. Evil Undead creatures take both.
Smite the Wicked's Light damage now scales with 200% Melee Power.
Smite the Wicked now destroys Undead and Evil Outsiders under 1500 HP on a Vorpal.
Stand and be Judged now has a DC of 10+Wisdom Modifier+Character Level+Stunning Bonuses (We also made it faster & more reliable to cast a few Updates ago)
Celestial Bombardment now only has 1 rank, that does what the old Rank 3 did.
Celestial Bombardment now costs 20SP.
Celestial Bombardment now takes the Enlarge, Maximize, Empower, Intensify, Embolden, and Quicken Metamagics.
Celestial Bombardment is now significantly quicker to cast.
Moved Celestial Champion one spot left, to the middle of T5, it just feels better there.
Celestial Champion's Doublestrike and Doubleshot are now Sacred-typed.
NEW: T4: The Book of War: (Multiselector): Pick one of the following to gain as a Favored Weapon: Longsword, Longbow, Morningstar, Greatsword (1 Rank, 1AP)
NEW: T6: The Book of War: Wrath of the Divine: While wielding a Favored Weapon in your Main Hand, you gain +1 to Hit and Damage for every 2 Religious Lore Feats you have with all equipped weapons and shields. (1 Rank, 1AP)






Grandmaster of Flowers
This tree needed a lot of love. It was only OK for Monks, and really not-great for everyone else.
There's now a fair bit of twist fodder in here, and fewer things require strict centering.
Top-tier actives became massively more powerful with the changes, so they were scaled back
somewhat to reflect being able to use them much more often.

Inner Focus and Wholeness of Spirit now allow for movement during use
Wholeness of Spirit has its cooldown reduced to 2 minutes
Ki actives (the left column) now scale with the higher of Melee or Ranged Power
Ki actives get Stunning bonuses added to their DC calculations
Ki actives can now be used under Antimagic, as they are not spells
Ki actives are no longer linked in a line
Lily Petal and Orchid Blossom now care about levels 26-30 in terms of scaling with character level (was previously capping at 25)
Lily Petal now grants 5 Ki instead of costing Ki
A Scattering of Petals no longer grants Dodge, and instead grants +100 PRR and MRR for 12 seconds.
A Scattering of Petals also reduces enemy Fortification by 200% for 12 seconds, and affected creatures lose immunity to Sneak Attack for that duration.
A Scattering of Petals now has a detect the same size as Drifting Lotus (i.e. twice as large).
A Scattering of Petals now has a 90 second cooldown.

A Dance of Flowers is now 0.25[w]/0.5[w]/1[w], but no longer requires you to be Centered.
Running with the Wind now adds 2/4/6% Doublestrike to everyone (no more stance requirement)
Hail of Blows now adds +3 melee damage in addition to its doublestrike
Walking with Waves no longer requires Ocean stance for its Dodge bonus
Standing with Stone no longer requires Mountain Stance for its PRR.
Dancing with Flame no longer requires Sun Stance for its (w) bonus.
Everything is Nothing moves to a 3 minute cooldown, no longer requires charging.
Everything is Nothing now has a smaller detect (double the size of Drifting Lotus,
but still smaller than its existing version), and hits a maximum of 4 enemies. This is for both
balance and performance reasons, as it significantly taxes the game on use & will now be used
more frequently.

NEW: T2: The Flower's Thorn: +3[w] attack. 6 second cooldown. Does not require Centering.
Has cool petal FX. (1 Rank, 1AP)
NEW: T5: Devastating Critical (+1 Critical Multiplier on a 19-20) (1 Rank, 1AP)


Legendary Dreadnought
This Destiny is very good in its current incarnation. We opened up some of the restrictiveness of
the two attacks and fixed an ability that did nothing/wasn't good. For balance vs. other destinies,
we did diminish some of their damage vs. Helpless targets only.

Momentum Swing and Lay Waste no longer require Power Attack to be active to use.
Momentum Swing and Lay Waste no longer require Cleave and Great Cleave (though those feats still reset the cooldown of Momentum Swing).
Lay Waste now adds Trip Bonuses to its DC.
Unmoveable and Thick Skinned are no longer Action Boosts (they didn't really act like them anyway, they were just using their charge counters). Instead, they are instead simply restricted to their respective cooldowns (which are unchanged).
Tactical Genius (which never really worked) is now: Unusual Tactics: Passive: You are a studied master of a wide variety of methods for gaining the upper hand. +2 to the DCs of your Tactical Feats, DC of Rune Arm shots, DC of Breath Weapons, DC of Assasinate, DC of Poisons, and +2 to the Perform, Bluff, Diplomacy, and Intimidate skills.
Combat Brute's Helplessness damage is now 15%.


Shadowdancer
This tree needed help. It had a lot of cool things in it that were nearly impossible to use,
either because DC calculations were broken or because you needed Shadow Charges, which were hard
to get and even harder to keep. Those are gone now. Cooldowns on some things were adjusted to
reflect the fact that you don't need to juggle Shadow Charges anymore, but by and large the whole
tree should work a lot better now. There are still a few outstanding things that don't shine
(Dark Imbuement, looking at you) but in playtests the new version of Shadowdancer has been viable.

Shadow Lance now adds Assassinate Bonuses to its DC calculation
Shadow Lance now uses the higher of your Intelligence and Dexterity Modifiers in its DC calculation
Shadow Lance now uses full character level in its DC calculation
Shadow Lance no longer requires Shadow Charges to blind
Shadow Lance's Blind is no longer based on chance, but tries to apply on each hit
Shadow Lance's damage now scales with 400% of the higher of your Melee and Ranged Power
Shadow Lance's damage is now (4d8+18)/(6d8+24)/(8d8+30)
Shadow Lance's cooldown is now 30/20/10 seconds.
Shrouding Strike/Shot no longer mark the target for Shadow Charges; instead, they apply a stack of Improved Destruction.
Shrouding Strike/Shot now have a 6-second cooldown.
Consume now adds Assassinate bonuses to its DC calculation
Consume now uses the higher of your Intelligence and Dexterity Modifiers in its DC calculation
Consume no longer uses Shadow Charges, nor grants Maximum Shadow Charges.
Consume now has a 3-minute cooldown.
Consume should now more consistently pick living enemies to target (and no longer pick doors/barrels/misc non-enemy targets).
Shadow Manipulation now adds Assassinate bonuses to its DC calculation
Shadow Manipulation now uses the higher of your Intelligence and Dexterity Modifiers in its DC calculation.
Shadow Manipulation no longer uses Shadow Charges, nor grants Maximum Shadow Charges.
Shadow Manipulation now has a 3-minute cooldown.
Shadow Manipulation no longer requires Cloak of Shadow.
Cloak of Shadows no longer uses Shadow Charges, nor grants Maximum Shadow Charges.
Cloak of Shadows no longer requires Shrouding Strike/Shot
Executioner's Strike/Shot now has a 12-second cooldown.
Executioner's Strike/Shot now has a DC of (10 + Character level + INT or DEX mod + Assassinate bonuses)
Executioner's Strike/Shot can now be used while under Antimagic.
You can now move while using Executioner's Strike/Shot
Dark Imbuement no longer uses Dark Imbuement Charges, and just functions on a cooldown.
Dark Imbuement now has a 2-minute cooldown.
Dark Imbuement now costs 1AP.
Dark Imbuement no longer requires Shadow Form.
Shadow Form no longer uses Shadow Charges, nor grants Maximum Shadow Charges.
Shadow Form's tooltip now clarifies that it is considered a Major Form.
Shadow Form now costs 1AP.
Untouchable now passively grants 3% Dodge and +1 Critical Damage Multiplier on rolls of 19-20.





Fury of the Wild
This is a Pretty Good destiny in its current state, but not enough Melees found reason to stick
with this one vs. Dreadnought. We'd especially like Two Handed Fighters to hang out here, so we
added some spice for them. Please note that "Two Handed Fighting Style" does not include Natural
Weapon Style (aka Wolves, Bears, Trees).

Cores each add an additional +2 Damage with Two-Handed Weapons (along with what they currently do)
Fury made Placid is reduced to a 2% chance on no save. Healing scales with Melee Power. Gain +10% Doublestrike and +20 PRR and MRR while in this state.
Unbridled Fury no longer requires charging. (Keeps its 5 minute cooldown).
You can now use Unbridled Fury while under Antimagic.
NEW: T1: (Multiselector with Boulder Toss): Boulder's Might: Requires being in Two-Handed Fighting style to use (i.e. no Natural Fighting). 5[w] attack, 6 second cooldown. Rank 2 and 3 add +1 and +2 Critical Multiplier on that attack. (3 Ranks, 1AP Each)
NEW: T5: Devastating Blow (+1 Critical Multiplier on 19-20 with Melee weapons) (1 Rank, 2AP)
NEW: T5: Strong Swings: +10 Melee Power. While fighting in Two Handed Fighting style, this is instead +25. (1 Rank, 2AP)


Primal Avatar
This is another Fairly Weird tree. There's things we didn't hit that I'd still like to
(the complex spell that is Tsunami, in particular) but the primary thing we tried to do was to
make it more accessible and less frustrating by eliminating the Spirit Charge mechanic.
Before, it was very difficult to perform well in this tree if you couldn't min-max Spirit
regeneration; that should no longer be a concern. Tree Form still isn't amazing, but that's
unfortunately something that'll need to get addressed another time. (At the very least, you
should get to use it more reliably and longer in most cases).

Spirit Charges no longer exist in this tree.
Strength of Spirit is now a Passive granting +20 Universal Spell Power. (The tree still grants +10 Melee and +4 Ranged Power per core).
Primal Travel no longer costs Spirit, and now has a 90 second cooldown.
Mighty Among Spirits no longer reduces Spirit Decay (as Spirit no longer exists), and instead grants +15 MRR (in addition to the +20 HP it currently gives).
Eternal Return no longer costs Spirit.
Walk With Spirits is no longer a toggle. On activation, you gain its effects for 30 seconds. It now has a 4 minute cooldown.
Spirit Boon (both versions) no longer requires Spirit.
Avatar of Nature no longer requires Spirit. Each of its Sizes now lasts for 6 seconds, except for the largest, which lasts for 12 and then shuts off the Form. It now has a 5 minute cooldown.
Summer Smoke, Supple as Spring, and Chill of Winter are now applied more efficiently, should cause fewer performance issues, and should no longer get stuck on players - Like Bard Auras, the effects are re-applied every few seconds and expire after some time. These now only apply to party members (sorry, this was important for performance reasons).


Shiradi Champion
This tree is alright for casters and not great for ranged characters in its current state.
A lot of the Bow users are pulled over by Fury right now, so we gave it a bit of that power to
make Shiradi a more viable choice for them. We don't want to take Fury away from bow-users
entirely (or Shiradi away from casters), just to make Shiradi a viable choice for ranged weapon
characters.

The first five cores (replacing their existing attack/damage bonuses) add +1 to hit and damage with ranged weapons.
Favorable Winds and Fey Power scale with 200% Ranged Power.
Stay Frosty's cold damage scales with 200% ranged power.
Stay Frosty now passively provides its +3/+6 Spot and Listen
Stay Good's light damage scales with 200% ranged power.
Rainbow's random damage scales with 200% ranged power.
Added clarifying language to Double Rainbow to indicate that its effects may scale with Melee, Ranged, or Spell Power depending on the origin of effects it finds.
Whirling Wrists also grants +2/4/6% Doubleshot.
Wild Shots scales with 200% Ranged Power.
Rain of Arrows no longer requires charging.
Rain of Arrows now has a 3-minute cooldown.
Rain of Arrows' damage scales with 200% Ranged Power.
Rain of Arrows now costs 1AP.
Rain of Arrows' tooltip now properly reflects its 20% of application per second (previously read 10%).
Tea With the Queen now costs 1AP.
Track also debuffs fortification by 2% per stack
Stand & Deliver now alson grants +1mult on 19-20 with Ranged weapons
In The Weeds adds +3 PRR and +3 MRR per stack.
NEW: Horizon Shot (T6): Your next shot with a Ranged or Thrown weapon has +400% damage and +16 to its Critical Threat Range. 30 second cooldown. (1 Rank, 1AP)